README.md, before:

# 🖋️ QuillKeys

> *"You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked."* — Franz Kafka

**QuillKeys** is not just another typing test. It's a journey through the profound minds of literary giants—where every keystroke echoes the philosophies of Kafka, Dostoevsky, Camus, and Gogol.

---

## 📖 The Philosophy

Why type mundane sentences when you can type wisdom that has shaped human thought for generations? QuillKeys transforms typing practice into an intellectual experience, letting you absorb existential musings while improving your typing speed.

## ✨ Features

- **🎭 Literary Passages**: Type through authentic excerpts from masterworks of existential and philosophical literature
- **📊 Real-time Analytics**: Track your WPM, accuracy, and progress as you type
- **🌓 Dark/Light Mode**: Choose your ambiance—whether you prefer the depth of darkness or the clarity of light
- **⌨️ Multiple Test Lengths**: 15, 30, 60-second or customised typing sessions to match your pace
- **📱 Fully Responsive**: Practice your craft on any device, anywhere
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Clean, distraction-free interface built with modern design principles

## 🖤 Meet Your Literary Mentors

<div align="center">

### Franz Kafka
*The Master of Absurdism*

"The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes."

---

### Fyodor Dostoevsky
*The Psychologist of the Soul*

"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."

---

### Albert Camus
*The Philosopher of the Absurd*

"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer."

---

### Nikolai Gogol
*The Satirist of Reality*

"The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes."

</div>

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd QuillKeys

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the development server
npm run dev
```

The app will be running at `http://localhost:5173`


## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 18**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Zustand** 
- **React Router**

## 🎯 How It Works

1. **Choose Your Duration**: Select from 15, 30, 60-second or customised time for tests (max 600 second)
2. **Start Typing**: Begin typing the passage displayed on screen
3. **Watch Your Stats**: See your WPM and accuracy update in real-time
4. **View Results**: Get detailed statistics after completing the test
5. **Try Again**: Challenge yourself with different passages from various authors

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

QuillKeys embraces minimalism and clarity. The interface is designed to fade into the background, letting the words—and your typing—take center stage. The dark mode provides a contemplative atmosphere, while the light mode offers bright clarity.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Whether it's:

- Adding more literary passages
- Improving the UI/UX
- Fixing bugs
- Adding new features

Please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

### Adding New Passages

To add new literary passages, edit `src/data/questions.ts`:

```typescript
{
   id:"",
   category:"",
   text: ""
}
```

## 📝 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/blob/main/LICENSE).

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- Inspired by the profound works of existential and philosophical literature
- Built with love for both coding and classic literature


<div align="center">

### 💭 Final Thought

*"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."*

**Type with purpose. Type with QuillKeys.**

[⭐ Star this repo](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys) | [🐛 Report Bug](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/issues) | [✨ Request Feature](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/issues)

</div>

Commit message:

added about page with mobile responsiveness and better experience while attempting the test.

README.md, after:

# 🖋️ QuillKeys

> *"You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked."* — Franz Kafka

**QuillKeys** is not just another typing test. It's a journey through the profound minds of literary giants—where every keystroke echoes the philosophies of Kafka, Dostoevsky, Camus, and Gogol.

---

## 📖 The Philosophy

Why type mundane sentences when you can type wisdom that has shaped human thought for generations? QuillKeys transforms typing practice into an intellectual experience, letting you absorb existential musings while improving your typing speed.

## ✨ Features

- **🎭 Literary Passages**: Type through authentic excerpts from masterworks of existential and philosophical literature
- **📊 Real-time Analytics**: Track your WPM, accuracy, and progress as you type
- **📈 History Tracking**: View your complete typing test history with detailed statistics, performance charts, and progress over time
- **� Font Themes**: Choose from 3 beautiful font styles (Mono, Sans, Serif) to match your preference
- **✨ Caret Customization**: Select your preferred caret style (Block, Line, or Underline)
- **🧘 Zen Mode**: Distraction-free typing experience with a minimalist interface
- **�🌓 Dark/Light Mode**: Choose your ambiance—whether you prefer the depth of darkness or the clarity of light
- **🌙 Customised Test Lengths**: 15, 30, 60-second or customised typing sessions to match your pace
- **📱 Fully Responsive**: Practice your craft on any device, anywhere
- **🎨 Beautiful UI**: Clean, distraction-free interface built with modern design principles and smooth animations

## 🖤 Meet Your Literary Mentors

<div align="center">

### Franz Kafka
*The Master of Absurdism*

"The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes."

---

### Fyodor Dostoevsky
*The Psychologist of the Soul*

"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."

---

### Albert Camus
*The Philosopher of the Absurd*

"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer."

---

### Nikolai Gogol
*The Satirist of Reality*

"The longer and more carefully we look at a funny story, the sadder it becomes."

</div>

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys.git

# Navigate to the project directory
cd QuillKeys

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the development server
npm run dev
```

The app will be running at `http://localhost:5173`


## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 18**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Zustand** 
- **React Router**

## 🎯 How It Works

1. **Choose Your Duration**: Select from 15, 30, 60-second or customised time for tests (max 600 second)
2. **Start Typing**: Begin typing the passage displayed on screen
3. **Watch Your Stats**: See your WPM and accuracy update in real-time
4. **View Results**: Get detailed statistics after completing the test
5. **Try Again**: Challenge yourself with different passages from various authors

## 🎨 Design Philosophy

QuillKeys embraces minimalism and clarity. The interface is designed to fade into the background, letting the words—and your typing—take center stage. The dark mode provides a contemplative atmosphere, while the light mode offers bright clarity.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Whether it's:

- Adding more literary passages
- Improving the UI/UX
- Fixing bugs
- Adding new features

Please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

### Adding New Passages

To add new literary passages, edit `src/data/questions.ts`:

```typescript
{
   id:"",
   category:"",
   text: ""
}
```

## 📝 License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/blob/main/LICENSE).

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- Inspired by the profound works of existential and philosophical literature
- Built with love for both coding and classic literature


<div align="center">

### 💭 Final Thought

*"The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for."*

**Type with purpose. Type with QuillKeys.**

[⭐ Star this repo](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys) | [🐛 Report Bug](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/issues) | [✨ Request Feature](https://github.com/bedigambar/QuillKeys/issues)

</div>
